Add Rehook Documentation (#5228)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/rehook/index.md

---
title: Rehook Destination

> rewrite: true

Reviewer: As outlined in the [Contributing guide](https://github.com/segmentio/segment-docs/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md#content-related-front-matter), the `rewrite` attribute is required for pages that existed in the docs site prior to 2018 - you likely don't need it here. 
```suggestion
```

id: 64c02312ff0ce798cc8d1a7e
---

{% include content/plan-grid.md name="actions" %}

> [Rehook](https://rehook.ai/){:target="_blank"} is a powerful and dedicated user-incentivization solution that enables businesses to reward and engage users without any dependency on tech teams. With an elegant and easy-to-use interface, Rehook is designed to help you run user-promotion campaigns that are flexible, customizable and scalable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Rehook](https://rehook.ai/){:target="_blank"} is a powerful and dedicated user-incentivization solution that enables businesses to reward and engage users without depending on tech teams. With an elegant and easy-to-use interface, Rehook is designed to help you run user-promotion campaigns that are flexible, customizable and scalable.
```

> Rehook maintains this destination; for any issues with the destination, [contact the Rehook Support team](mailto:services@rehook.ai).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This destination is maintained by Rehook. For any issues with the destination, [contact the Rehook Support team](mailto:services@rehook.ai).
```

## Getting started

1. From the Destinations catalog page in the Segment App, click **Add Destination**.
2. Search for **Rehook** in the Destinations Catalog, and select the **Rehook** destination.

> 3. Choose which Source should send data to the Rehook destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select which Source should send data to the Rehook destination.
```

> 4. Go to the [Rehook Dashboard](https://dashboard.rehook.ai/){:target="_blank"} and navigate to **Settings > API Keys & Secret Key**, and copy it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Open the [Rehook Dashboard](https://dashboard.rehook.ai/){:target="_blank"} and navigate to **Settings > API Keys & Secret Key**. Copy your key. 
```

> 5. Enter the **API Key & Secret Key** in the Rehook destination settings in Segment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Open the Segment app and paste the **API Key & Secret Key** in the Rehook destination settings page.
```

## Supported methods

> Rehook's destination is designed to support the following methods, as specified in the [Segment Spec](/docs/connections/spec). Because this is an Actions Destination, you will also have the capability to map other Segment methods if neccessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rehook's destination is designed to support the following [Segment Spec](/docs/connections/spec) methods. Because this is an Actions Destination, you can also map other Segment methods.
```

### Identify

> Take a look at the [Identify method documentation](/docs/connections/spec/identify) to learn about what it does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're not familiar with the Segment Spec, take a moment to understand what the [Identify method](/docs/connections/spec/identify/) does.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example call looks like this:

```

#### Example 1:
```js
analytics.identify('userId12345', {
  firstName: 'Bob',
  lastName: 'Dole',
  email: 'bob.dole@example.com',
  company: 'Initech',
  employees: 234
});
```

#### Example 2:
```js
analytics.identify('userId12345', {
  firstName: 'Bob',
  lastName: 'Dole',
  email: 'bob.dole@example.com',
  company: 'Initech',
  employees: 234,
  referral_code: "ERTYUS"
});
```

> Every time you make an Identify call with `userId` included:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every time you make an Identify call with an included `userId`:
```

1.	Rehook verifies that the `userId` exists.
2.	If the `userId` does not exist, Rehook adds the user as a Customer to the Rehook database and matches user properties with the Segment `traits` sent in the Identify call payload.
3.	If the `userId` exists, Rehook updates the user properties for the Customer against the Segment `traits` sent in the Identify call payload.
4.  If `referral_code` is unique, Rehook updates the user properties in its database.

> All the [special traits](/docs/connections/spec/identify#traits) recognized by Segment are translated and matched with the Rehook user properties for a Customer. These fields are automatically created or mapped for a Customer in Rehook and are available for personalization and advance segmentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the [traits](/docs/connections/spec/identify#traits) recognized by Segment are translated and matched with the Rehook Customer user properties. These fields are automatically created or mapped for a Customer in Rehook and are available for personalization and advanced segmentation.
```

> > info "How Rehook handles incoming userId and referral_code in Identify calls"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info "How Rehook handles incoming userId and referral_code in Identify calls:"
```

> > * The `userId` field is required. Rehook drops identify calls without a userId.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * The `userId` field is required. Rehook drops Identify calls without a userId.
```

> * If a call is made with `anonymousID`, Rehook drops the Identify call.
> * If `referral_code` matches with another `userId`, Rehook drops the Identify call.

### Track

> Take a look at the [Track method documentation](/docs/connections/spec/track) to learn about what it does. An example call looks like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're not familiar with the Segment Spec, take a moment to understand what the [Track method](/docs/connections/spec/track/) does.

An example call looks like this: 
```

#### Example 1:
```js
analytics.track('Product Viewed', {
  userId: "userId12345",
  product_id: '507f1f779439011',
  name: 'Monopoly: 3rd Edition',
  price: 18.99,
  url: 'https://www.example.com/product/path',
  image_url: 'https://www.example.com/product/path.jpg'
});
```

#### Example 2:
```js
analytics.track('signup', {
  userId: "userId12345",
  referral_code: 'ERTYUS'
});
```

Segment sends Track calls to Rehook as a Custom Event. When you make a Track call, Segment sends the event to Rehook with the event name and all properties that you specified.

> > info "How Rehook handles incoming userId and referral_code in Track calls"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info "How Rehook handles incoming userId and referral_code in Track calls:"
```

> > * The `userId` field is required. Rehook drops track calls without a `userId`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * The `userId` field is required. Rehook drops Track calls without a `userId`.
```

> > * If a call is made with `anonymousId`, Rehook drops the track call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * If a call is made with `anonymousId`, Rehook drops the Track call.
```

> > * The `referral_code` field is required, if event name is set as a conversion event on Rehook. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * The `referral_code` field is required if event name is set as a conversion event in Rehook. 
```
